[Doc] Explain the limitation of ray client for certain use case (#36512)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/running-applications/job-submission/ray-client.rst

.. _ray-client-ref:

> Ray Client
> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Client
==========
```

   do_work.remote(2)
   #....

When to use Ray Client
----------------------

.. note::

>    Ray Client has certain limitations and may not work as expected when using Ray for ML workloads that require sophisticated network communication. Use :ref:`Ray Jobs API<jobs-overview>` for interactive development on ML projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Ray Client has architectural limitations and may not work as expected when using Ray for ML workloads -- for example, when used with Ray Tune or Ray Train. Use :ref:`Ray Jobs API<jobs-overview>` for interactive development on ML projects.
```

>    Ray Client has architectural limitations and may not work as expected when using Ray for ML workloads -- for example, when used with Ray Tune or Ray Train. Use :ref:`Ray Jobs API<jobs-overview>` for interactive development on ML projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Ray Client has architectural limitations and may not work as expected when using Ray for ML workloads (like Ray Tune or Ray Train). Use :ref:`Ray Jobs API<jobs-overview>` for interactive development on ML projects.
```
